Modify Basics instructions story. (#2607)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/basics/.docs/instructions.md

> Lucian’s girlfriend is on her way home and he hasn’t cooked their anniversary dinner!

Reviewer: Suggestion to use normal quotes :)

```suggestion
Lucian's girlfriend is on her way home and he hasn't cooked their anniversary dinner!
```

Reviewer 2: @taiyab wanna make that change?
